but as we call them not only this moment the 30th anniversary of the
disappearance of bob marley maccuaig or in the compile Spain will have exceeded
alonso not sure that the barça because the bank has his papers
exactly correct the combines
Yes
Is
this summer
louis
m
no
cameron
m
relative
Drought
they say it's quite achievable
alas to get there
the village surroundings with both of his career just wanted to tell you
thanks to the president
free
I do not go out
towards a practice
llvm
he stands
in terms of material
the station
that's it for today next week we'll talk about
what the why of the mouth or is it not the name of this little spot
was scandal lately we were seeing things that the campaign for the
basic education
well that gave us the idea to project you on this extremely
serious the poitevin go next week
Hessel Editions of Dawn 9